what's up everyone Kyle here you're
watching driving in vibin today's video
is all about 20 of the best free
campsites in the USA so stay tuned
[Music]
welcome back to the channel everyone
thank you for joining me here today I'm
excited to be filling you in on 20 of
the best free camp sites in the USA
these sites can accommodate anything
from tents in bands to huge rigs and hey
they're located all throughout the
country so before we dive into this list
it is 20 spots long but we're gonna be
running through the information pretty
quick to keep it fast-paced so if at any
time you want to reference these 20
spots you can click the article either
in the link or in the comment section
that will follow along spot for spot as
we work our way down a list to number
one and you can bookmark it for the
future if you want to visit these
campsites sometime down the road without
any further ado let's jump in at number
20 and work our way to number one coming
in at number 20 is Natchez visitor
center in Natchez Mississippi now this
is an unlikely spot on the list because
at the end of the day it is a visitor
center parking lot and that doesn't
sound like the most attractive thing in
the world but rest assured this is a
beautiful campsite it's located on a
bluff overlooking the Mississippi River
you have the Natchez visitor center
right there but best of all they provide
free water and electric for anyone
camping at the Visitor Center you can
stay there for I think two or three
nights and you can also access the
southern portion or the southern
entrance of the Natchez Trace right
there from the visitors center so if you
want to do the Natchez Trace whether
you're starting or ending in Natchez
it's a great place to camp for a few
days now all sized rigs can camp here
it's a big old parking lot the only
thing I would caution people on is that
a lot of the spots are uneven so you're
either gonna just have to sleep on even
for that evening or you can put a few
blocks down but some of the sites are
pretty uneven
but overall beautiful beautiful free
campsite within walking distance to
downtown and hey free water and electric
you can't beat it let's jump over to
number 19 coming in at number 19 is
naval observation road and this is in
Flagstaff Arizona one reason we love
Flagstaff is because it's just north of
Sedona but not only is it north it is at
a higher elevation so once you get those
hot days in Sedona you can really
retreat to Flagstaff and camp in these
awesome forested free campsites naval
observation road is probably seven miles
from downtown Flagstaff tons of shopping
and restaurants stuff like that but it's
also tucked far enough away that you can
have a lot of privacy in this forested
camps campground we saw rigs of all
sizes when we camped here definitely
fifth wheels and motorhomes but the
smaller your rig is the more tucked back
in a private spot you can get but you
know either way no matter what size rig
you have you should be able to camp here
my only word of caution for this
campsite is that if you stay to the
right
you're gonna go up to the Naval
Observatory which there are so many
signs that say regular vehicles aren't
allowed up there and if you do continue
to follow it you're gonna come to a gate
that's kind of hard to turn around so
just take heat on those signs and don't
go up that road number 18 on our list
today is blakenship bridge this is right
outside of Glacier National Park in all
honesty I would have put this spot in
the top five at least but it can only
fit small rigs so if you have even a
Class C I would be super hesitant about
taking it back there because the road in
is very rutted and it can be challenging
with all that said it is beautiful
beautiful waterfront camping right on
this rocky riverbed you really can't ask
for a more beautiful free campsite
so close to Glacier National Park now if
you want to get into the water like
Olivia did it's gonna be super cold some
people go in there and swim I could
barely put my toes in there because the
water was so cold but there are tubers
rafters and fissures all taking part in
the water activities there so hey bring
your fishing pole you might be able to
catch some dinner too coming in at
number 17 on our list is Lake Elk City
Park this is on route 66 in Elk City
Oklahoma one of the reasons we love this
park is because it's very easy to access
from the interstate making it a great
overnight spot but the park is located
on a lake with disc golf courses with
bathrooms with pavilions and picnic
tables and outdoor grills and best of
all they also provide free water and
electricity you can't go wrong it's not
often there's free electricity and water
and a beautiful camping spot right off
the interstate so easy to access all
sized rigs can camp here I'm not
completely sure about how level it would
be in a larger rig but from our
experience we've camped there at least
three times every time it's been super
easy to get situated and a plugged up to
that electricity number 16 on our list
is American girl mine this is right
outside of Yuma Arizona but it's
actually across the border in California
located in Winter Haven there's not much
at this campsite but that's kind of the
beauty of it because it's opened
Southern California desert where you can
bring so many friends gather you know
gather around the campfire and just have
a great friend camping experience there
is an interstate rest up right near
American Girl mine where you can fill up
with water and you can dump your trash
but other than that the amenities are
sparse out there but on the plus side
the cellular internet is blazing fast
so it's a great boondocking location
where you can spread out big rigs can
access it and you can have fast internet
access so we have camped at American
girl mind for the last four winners in
love it and hey can't wait to come back
number fifteen on the list is Blackwell
horse camp south of Bloomington Indiana
any free campsite east of the
Mississippi River is a very valuable
commodity they are just not as easy to
come by as they are out west we really
liked Blackwell horse camp because it is
a huge lush grassy field with kind of a
figure-eight style road that goes
through it so lots of camping options
and they have two central bath houses
there and if you have horses I mean
that's what it's made for it's
encouraging horse campers to get out
there and take their horses out on the
trail all sized rigs can fit here they
make this spot very accessible because
they expect you to take your large horse
trailer there and if you want to get out
for the day you can go up to Bloomington
have lunch they have a nice historic
downtown area
we definitely explored there for a day
or so and had a good time Blackwell
again it was as we were working our way
from Alabama to Michigan and it was just
great to find a free campsite so
beautiful and River our dog really
enjoyed it too alright guys so next up
on the list is Savoia mesa this is just
north of Taos New Mexico this is another
spot that would be in my personal top
five but it didn't make it quite that
high on this list because it is hard to
access if you're in a large rig this is
ideal for small travel trailers maybe
even a risky Class C driver couldn't
make the trip out there but there's a
lot of low hanging branches and kind of
sharp turns as you get to the campground
which is down a preview long dirt road
but it's the payoff of the campsite that
makes it such such an amazing spot
you're on a cliff overlooking the Rio
Grande Gorge you can hike down to the
bottom of it Olivia and I did it we
almost died we definitely wouldn't
recommend it if you're not prepared for
a long hike because the elevation change
is huge you're hiking down the canyon to
the Rio Grande River it's a challenging
hike but well worth it and overall the
campsite is just gorgeous and it's a
great place to camp for free near Taos
without having to be in the hustle and
bustle of Taos and another great thing
is that we had wonderful cellular
internet at this location which seems to
make no sense because it is in the
middle of nowhere it seems once you get
out there down that dirt road and you're
sitting on that cliff you feel like you
have the whole place to yourself but hey
at the same time you're working with
fast 4G LTE internet so best of both
worlds at Subaru Mesa high highly
recommended by us next up is Oliver
reservoir in Nebraska Nebraska is not
one of our go-to States when we think of
travel destinations but this campsite
truly is beautiful it's located on a
nice manmade body of water but the great
part is no one comes to this campground
so you can camp lakeside and have it all
to yourself when we were there there
were probably four other campers but the
park is huge if you find yourself in
Nebraska and you want to get something
scenic definitely check out Oliver
reservoir because it is so much more
than just cornfields the downside is
that there is a train track near the
campground and the train track does run
at all hours of the day and night those
type of things don't necessarily keep us
up but if you are sensitive to sound you
might want to consider that before you
can't behead all of a reservoir but
otherwise it is a hidden gem in Nebraska
with waterfront camping so that's a big
win for us
next up is number 12 and this is Padre
Island National Seashore it's what they
call North Beach located just before the
visitor center of Padre Island and it is
free camping on the beachfront all sized
rigs can camp there but the thing is you
have to be brave enough to drive on sand
and you have to constantly watch the
tide the tide will change daily and if
you are camped too close to the water
that tide will sweep your RV away we
were intimidated into learning about
this before we camped there but once we
did camp there it you know we felt
pretty safe about the tide movements we
arrived during high tide to get an idea
of what the highest marker is going to
be and then just parks back from there
and it was a great beachfront campsite
one more thing you're gonna want to keep
in mind is that this is golf front beach
camping which means a lot of saltwater
is going to be blown up on your RV or
your tow vehicle whatever you're
bringing down there is gonna get covered
with saltwater there's a lot of truck
and car washes right outside the area so
you can spray it down but I have to
admit our trailer and our truck we're
never the same after camping there I
wouldn't say they were super rusty but
there were rough spots that I definitely
never went away after that so you got to
keep that in mind if the price you pay
for beach camping we did it once and we
loved it we probably won't be back there
but it was one of the most memorable
campsites we've stayed at next up is
number 11 and this is cherry Creek Road
outside of Durango Colorado this
campsites to the west of Durango
but it sets you up as a good base camp
if you want to be in the area and there
aren't many free campsites right near
the heart of Durango this is actually
probably one of the closest ones so if
you want to go to de-rank Durango and do
some free camping cherry creek is
probably your best bet
we have seen fifth wheels here and class
C's and we towed our travel trailer
there but I don't know if a class that
he could fit in this spot not because
it's not big enough but the entrance is
a little steep in rocky so if you don't
have the clearance or if it has just
rained specifically it's gonna be pretty
hard to access up the steep entryway
you're gonna want to keep that in mind
maybe scout it out in advance but like I
said you're not going to find a closer
free campsite to Durango it is a good
site and just a little hard to access
for the bigger rigs so keep that in mind
check it out though we love Durango it's
probably our favorite town in America
and this is one of our favorite free
campsites whenever we go there all right
guys the first half of the list is down
now we're getting in to the good stuff I
try to get a little exercise out here
while I'm doing this but man it's hot
already we're here in Alabama in
September almost October they say it's
fall but I'm convinced it's still summer
let's get in to number ten number ten on
a list is craggy wash and this is in
Lake Havasu Arizona Lake Havasu is a hot
spot for our viewers in the wintertime
and definitely there is a lot of free
camping in the area craggy watch though
is our favorite of all the spots for a
few reasons
it is a beautiful sight and it has nice
land formations around it and you can
hike right from your site and kind of
explore the area but also it's close to
all the shopping on the north end of
town that means you'll be close to
Walmart Home Depot there outlet mall
type thing so it gives you kind of a
good central location if you are in Lake
Havasu because if you are camping in
Lake Havasu your intent is probably not
to be out in the middle of nowhere but
it's more about being in the community
there are lots of our beers in the area
we're not really trying to get out in
escape2 nature whenever we're camping
and Lake Havasu we're really trying to
be part of that RV community that is
there camping
and craggy wash is great for that we did
see all size rigs there but once it gets
full in the wintertime it's going to be
challenging to get a Class A or fifth
wheel there just because you're gonna
have a drive for a way as to scout out a
spot and then you're gonna have to
maneuver into that spot and it could be
kind of tight doable for sure but if
you're in a larger rig and it's during
the prime camping season I would just
say scout it out first number 9 on our
list is Lake Hattie which is in Lake
Hattie Wyoming but it's right outside of
Laramie Laramie is one of the bigger
college towns in Wyoming there is a lot
of great camping sites in Laramie but
Lake Hattie by far is the most scenic
the most enjoyable the most chill one of
our favorite campsites of all time any
size rig can camp at Lake Hattie but if
you have a small rig you can get down on
the beach in camp at some of the prime
campsites that's what we did we
absolutely loved it it was so relaxing
we had the water right by our front door
set our chairs out on the beach
the dogs are playing the water perfect
perfect situation and campground one of
my fondest memories to look back on and
be excited about going there again
number eight on our list is from one of
our other favorite towns in Colorado and
that's Pagosa Springs Jackson mountain
road is where the free campsite is
located and it is probably only five
miles from downtown Pagosa Springs Inn
in Pagosa Springs there are the deepest
thermal National hot springs in the
world not just the US so great hot
springs soaking there but the campsite
itself is in a beautiful wooded San Juan
National Forest the upside is that most
rigs can fit in the first spot which is
pretty easy to spot but the downside is
there are only a few spots there if
you're in a big rig and if you don't get
to that first spot it
gonna be pretty hard to find another
spot that can accommodate if you are
lucky enough to snag that first spot you
will be able to get situated in the
forested campsite have stream and fast
internet and be able to drive downtown
Pagosa Springs in just a few minutes so
this is a highly recommended site from
us we love Colorado we love Pagosa
Springs and Jackson Mountain Road has
been one of our favorite free campsites
that we've been in over our four years
of RV life
next up is number 7 and this is North
Creek outside of Zion National Park
setting up camp at North Creek right
outside of Zion was one of the best
experiences all size rigs can fit here
but let me tell you it is ideal for vans
in tents because it does get pretty
crowded there during the peak season so
vans and tanners fill the spot up pretty
pretty quickly we were able to easily
navigate our 16 foot trailer there into
a spot and there was even a large 5th
wheel near us who got a spot pretty
easily but beyond that you're really
good want to scout it out if it's not so
crowded when you get there definitely a
large array can fit but if you have a
lot of smaller rigs spread out it's
gonna eat up those big spots it's just a
few miles from the entrance of Zion
National Park even though the campsite
the free campsite is busy it pales in
comparison to how busy it is camping
inside Zion National Park we've done
both and we've thoroughly enjoyed both
but anytime we go back we're gonna be
going to North Creek from now on alright
guys I'm starting to work up a sweat out
here it is early morning still and I
can't believe how hot it is but the list
must go on next up is number 6 and
that's sacred white shell Mountain this
is right outside of the Sand Dunes
National Park in Colorado the Great Sand
Dunes I heard an amazing formation
and it's right in the middle of flatland
Colorado which is bizarre these dunes
are just beautiful white sand and they
go on for hundreds and hundreds of acres
so that in and of itself is beautiful if
you want to camp in the national park
campground it's it's a good spot we've
camped there and it stays pretty busy
but if you're looking for a free
campsite outside of the National Park
sacred white shell Mountain is by far
our favorite choice it's not very
heavily trafficked out there it's down a
long dirt road that any size rig can
access and it puts you at the foot of a
beautiful mountain so the scenery is
awesome too I would scout it out in
advance if you're in a bigger rig
because you never know if the spots are
gonna be open for big rigs but if you're
in a smaller rig even a Class C you
should be able to find a spot pretty
easily and in addition to being by the
great sand dunes and being free camping
and having awesome internet it's also an
alien hotspot from what we hear so if
you're into UFO sighting this I believe
it's the San Juan Valley here's an
awesome place to scope out
extraterrestrial life number five in the
list is Snake River this is a beautiful
free campsite located right in between
Grand Teton and Yellowstone National
Park it's kind of like one of those two
for Tuesday things you get access to
both national parks and you get free
camping this free campsite of all the
ones on the list has the most pristine
vault toilets these vault toilets are
nicer than so many flush toilet path
rooms we've been in props to the
National Park Service for keeping these
things beautiful the way the campsites
are set up is there's probably five
different entrances down the road and
down each entrance is a spot for one or
two RVs or campers or tents
and each of those five different pull
offs have their own vault toilets Oh
awesome
toilet amenities I know it's not
important for everyone but seriously to
have clean toilets right by your tent or
camper or van huge plus in our mind
overall if you're visiting Grand Teton
and Yellowstone National Park this is
one of our favorite spots so check it
out for sure number four on the list
it's probably one of the most epic sites
we've stayed at and that is no man view
in Buffalo Gap South Dakota also known
as a mile from the entrance of the
badlands national park awesome location
it also puts you on the cliff that
overlooks thousands of acres of Badlands
and it is so beautiful one of our
favorite things while we were camping
here was to watch thunderstorms roll in
from 50 miles away you can just see them
coming and it is actually it is just an
absolutely beautiful sight to see when
you're out there camping in the middle
of nowhere in the Badlands the site
can't accommodate most size rigs but our
friends the getaway couple just tried to
stay there in their 5th wheel they went
after a fresh rainstorm and they
actually got stuck so you got to know
your rig you got to know the conditions
of the road and then make your mind up
whether you're gonna try it or not
because it's definitely off-road but
with all that said we've seen Class A is
there we've seen fifth wheels there and
we were able to easily access it in our
trailer and truck whenever we went nomad
view in Buffalo Gap grassland one of our
favorite free campsites of all time
number three on the list we're getting
down to the good stuff this one is the
main drag five to five in Sedona Arizona
here are the good things about the site
all sized rigs can find a spot there if
there is spot to be found
so we've seen motorhomes fifth wheels
vans tents we've seen them all it
situates you to be so close to Sedona
where you can obviously do hiking you
can do shopping eating so many things to
do in Sedona one of our favorite towns
to camp in and visit and if you know
Sedona at all it can be pricey so
getting a free campsite there is a huge
plus it also puts you close to
Cottonwood and the ghost town of Jerome
Arizona multiple things you can do there
on different days your schedule can
definitely be full if that's what you're
looking for now the bad parts about this
road or this campsite is that the road
is wash boarded it's not bad because if
you find sight within one or three miles
definitely doable the road goes on for a
long time you can drive it down ten
miles and find a spot but I just don't
like driving down washboard roads for
that long so the spot we found was
within two miles of the entrance number
two on the list is a famous free camping
hot spot in Texas maybe you can guess it
before I say it but it's Magnolia beach
beautiful beachfront camping that's so
much less intense than Padre Island
we loved Magnolia beach they have
bathrooms on site they have picnic
tables they have pavilions but the best
part in our mind is that the tide
doesn't fluctuate as much as it does on
the Gulf front campsites this Beach is
actually on a Bay that leads out into
the Gulf so it's much more relaxed our
dogs loved playing in the water
everything about Magnolia Beach was very
enjoyable all sized rigs can easily fit
at Magnolia Beach I don't think there's
any obstruction at all that would
prevent a large motorhome or fifth wheel
from camping there we saw a ton of them
it is flat Beach it is hard Beach so you
don't really have to worry about sinking
in the sand too much but definitely know
your rig and gauge it yourself
the downside is though it is a popular
spot
so there are definitely gonna be other
campers there this is more like staying
at a campground because of that it's not
out in the middle of nowhere you don't
have the spot all to yourself you're
sharing it with other campers in our
experience they've been completely
respectable and very courteous no one
was making loud noises or anything or
running generators through the night so
our experience was great at Magnolia
Beach if you're going through Texas and
want a beautiful free beach front
campsite check it out all right guys
we've made it to the number one spot I
think I've lost a pound while I've been
walking out here maybe I should have
just done it standing still but hey it's
early morning and I wanted some exercise
so don't hold it against me I know some
people don't like these walking videos
but we just got a gimbal so it helps
with the steadiness I guess let me know
if you've noticed the gimbal huh
number one favorite free campsite of all
time for us personally but also in our
mind because it's very accessible for
all size rigs and that is the wedge
overlook in Utah this is north of Moab
it's what they call the little Grand
Canyon we were able to park right on the
edge of the canyon and be blown away
with the gorgeous views and a complete
lack of campers near us there were
probably five other campers there but
the Pampa area is very big you can
spread out and we felt like we had the
whole place to ourselves
ah Olivia really pushed us to go here
because I was struggling to find a free
campsite in the area we were traveling
during the time and every time I pulled
this site up to do the research on it I
was turned away because it says 20 miles
of dirt road driving before you access
the campsite that immediately makes me
think I'm gonna go see if there's
something else out there
but Olivia thought well we should give
it a try and I'm so glad because that
dirt road was nicer than some
interstates we've been on
it's nicer than just it is a beautiful
dirt road and they keep it I guess oiled
so the dust doesn't fly up and there was
not one problem whatsoever towing or
driving down that road
there wasn't one stretch of wash boarded
Road it was awesome so huge props to the
road leading in even though it's dirt
you will find that it's nicer than most
paved roads once you get to the camping
area there are lots of different sites
you can choose from and that the main
camping area might not be conducive to
huge rigs there are camping areas right
outside there though that bigger rigs
can camp at but I would say at Class C
could easily find a campsite in the main
camping area that overlooks the canyon
there is a bathroom facility on site
there is despite it being 20 miles down
a dirt road great internet access to
everything about the wedge overlook was
amazing so it is our highest recommended
free campsite that we can recommend and
if you are ever going to move at Moab or
leaving Moab and heading to the north
make sure you check it out it will
definitely be a great experience and
remember anything that we said in this
video is on the article we wrote so you
can reference that article in the future
without having to scroll through this
video and the article has links to the
sites as well I am gonna go cool off in
the AC now and see you guys out at the
California RV show next week so lots of
fun stuff coming up thank you for taking
this morning walk with me let me know
what you think about this gimbal let me
know if you think if it worked or not
and tell us your favorite free camp site
in the comments below we'll see y'all
next time